C sharp is astrongly typed language

What is dataType ?
    it is used to represent the pattern of the data and size of data in memory.


what is String DataType ?
    NUmeric PArt,Albhabetical Part,and Special PArt , all types of character combination can be contain by the string.


Primitive DataTypes
    i.      int -------> 4 byte (C# has int16,int32,int64)
    ii.     float------> 4 byte , 8 byte (float size depends on ox 32 and 64) 
    iii.    char ------> 2 byte
    iv.     string-----> based on no of character
    v.      boolean----> it returns 0(false) or 1(true)

    Disadvantages : if we use premitive DataType, we violate
                    Object Orientation Programming.

Derived DataTypes
    This Type of DataType was Specially Created by .NET FrameWork that is common for all .NET Supported programming Languages.

    i.      Object
    ii.     StringBuilder
    iii.    Class
    iv.     Structure
    v.      Enumeration


    i. Object : It can contain all types of elements means the object 
            is the common type in the .NET framework, we can assign int,float,char, and string type data under an OBJECT.

            Example, object o=10; object o="hello";


    ii. StringBuilder : It used to contain String type data similar to String
            StringBuilder is mutable object means we can dynamically change the value from the actual address.

    iii. Class : It is used to define the characterestics of an object using 
            data member and member function. It can contain a collection of 
            different types of elements.

    iv. Structure : It contains a collection of Datatype but it is a value
            type container C#.

    v. Enumeration : It is called constant Array means we can define a set of 
            values enum, for example if we we want to define a set of five different colors then we can create an enum set.

    vi. Array : It can contain elements in Proper Sequence, an array can store 
            more than one element using a single variable.

    vii. Collection : It contain a similar and di-similar type of
            elements both,it is an enhancement of an ARRAY.

    viii. DataTime : It can contain Data Time type Values.




    MOst Important Question of C# for an INTERVIEW 

    WHat is the boxing and unboxing concept in C# ?
         or
    WHat is implicit and explicit conversion in C# ?

    Boxing means to convert the value type elements to reference type,which
            means if we convert integer type value to object type then it is called Boxing.

            BOXING is also called implicit because it will convert the data automatically.

    UNBOXING  means converting reference type elements to value type. which 
            means if we convert object type to integer type then it is called UNBOXING concept.

            UNBOXING is also called explicit conversion because it will convert the data manually.

        
    
    Memory allocation based on data type.

            1. Stack memory
            2. Heap Memory


STACK MEMORY : it is used to contain the value of int,char,
            float,double and boolean type elements, it will 
            store data directly hence it is called direct memory. 

            it is created after compilation time.

HEAP MEMORY : it is used to contain the value according to
            reference String, Object these all are reference 
            type. It is called INDIRECTED Memory.

            It is created during runtime.

